TO DO LIST.md, before:

# TO DO LIST

## High Priority


## Medium Priority
Add a function that calculates the timeToWait from the timeToAppear et viceversa
Add a feedback in the keyboard when a key is pressed

## Low Priority

Make a first tutorial Level

# DONE LIST

## High Priority
Modify all the gameplayScene to add the actual interface
Add Life to gameplayScene

## Medium Priority
A function about Score and Combo
A function functions about Life

## Low Priority
Delete the examples scenes of UI, located in *TextMesh Pro* Unity
Start desining the UI
    -Desing a Menu for the sound and to reset the level
    -Desing Main Manu

# CHANGE VERSION
## Version 0.2.1
## High Priority
Read some documentation of actual studies about the amount of letters used in some languages(spanish and english) to make an option to the random mode that consider this and change the percentajes of spawn of the keys to match the studies.
Make an option in random mode to use the data of frequency of letters in spanish
## Medium Priority
## Low Priority

## Version 0.2.0
## High Priority
Make some kind of Array or Dicctionary to make levels
## Medium Priority
Add a method to load the levels from a CSV archive
Introduce the first song of the random mode and addecuate the actual script for the mode to match the sound
    - To make this is important to remark that the timing of the diferents rows of the keyboard are different, because all the keys starts in topscreen but the hitting point is different, so is needed to implement a function that calculate this
## Low Priority
Add Sound of a succesfull type and other for a fail timming or miss
Add a collider at the bottom to delete the keys that are missed

## Version 0.1.0 

### High Priority

### Medium Priority
Create Click.cs for all the Keys
Random selector of the gameobjects in scriptBajada
Add all letters for scriptBajada
Tag all the LettersObjects with his letter for the script
Create all LettersObjects

### Low Priority

Commit message:

Definidos los puntos de la siguiente version

TO DO LIST.md, after:

# TO DO LIST

## High Priority
Change the Click.cs function and delete the colliders to make an unique collider
Define the numbers of Levels to add in the prototipe in the memory

## Medium Priority
Add a function that calculates the timeToWait from the timeToAppear et viceversa
Make the random level panel
Define the leatherboard system
Define the UserProfiles

## Low Priority
Design an implement the EndGame screen
Make a first tutorial Level

# DONE LIST

## High Priority

## Medium Priority

## Low Priority

# CHANGE VERSION
## Version 0.2.2
## High Priority
Modify all the gameplayScene to add the actual interface
Add Life to gameplayScene
## Medium Priority
A function about Score and Combo
A function functions about Life
Add a feedback in the keyboard when a key is pressed
## Low Priority
Delete the examples scenes of UI, located in *TextMesh Pro* Unity
Start desining the UI
    -Desing a Menu for the sound and to reset the level
    -Desing Main Manu
	
## Version 0.2.1
### High Priority
Read some documentation of actual studies about the amount of letters used in some languages(spanish and english) to make an option to the random mode that consider this and change the percentajes of spawn of the keys to match the studies.
Make an option in random mode to use the data of frequency of letters in spanish
### Medium Priority
### Low Priority

## Version 0.2.0
### High Priority
Make some kind of Array or Dicctionary to make levels
### Medium Priority
Add a method to load the levels from a CSV archive
Introduce the first song of the random mode and addecuate the actual script for the mode to match the sound
    - To make this is important to remark that the timing of the diferents rows of the keyboard are different, because all the keys starts in topscreen but the hitting point is different, so is needed to implement a function that calculate this
### Low Priority
Add Sound of a succesfull type and other for a fail timming or miss
Add a collider at the bottom to delete the keys that are missed

## Version 0.1.0 

### High Priority

### Medium Priority
Create Click.cs for all the Keys
Random selector of the gameobjects in scriptBajada
Add all letters for scriptBajada
Tag all the LettersObjects with his letter for the script
Create all LettersObjects

### Low Priority
